
1. What is the difference between Manual Testing and Automation Testing?
     
 Manual testing is not accurate at all times due to human error, hence it is less reliable.

Automated testing is more reliable, as it is performed by tools and/or scripts.

    
Manual testing is time-consuming, taking up human resources.
Automated testing is executed by software tools, so it is significantly faster than a manual approach.

   
 Investment is required for human resources.
 Investment is required for testing tools.

 Manual testing is only practical when the test cases are run once or twice, and frequent repetition is not required.
 Automated testing is a practical option when the test cases are run repeatedly over a long time period.

 Manual testing allows for human
 observation, which may be more useful if
 the goal is user-friendliness or improved customer experience.
 
 Automated testing does not entail human observation and cannot guarantee user-friendliness or positive customer experience.

2. What is automation?
Ans In software testing, test automation is the use of special software (separate from the software being tested) to control
 the execution of tests and the comparison of actual outcomes with predicted outcomes. 

3.why to automate a project?
Ans3.1. Automation is done to basically do the regression testing of the project .
     2. it helps to provide a wider scope coverage of the test cases in the test environment.
     3. with the software testing tools we can easily test the application with a set of codes and scripts. 
     4. it takes 70% lesser time than the manual testing.
4. What are the advantages of Automation?
Ans4. 1> efficient testing
      2> upgradation and reusability
      3> Consistency
      4> Unique Programmability and Shelf Life 
      5> User Environment Simulation-One unique way in which testing automation affects the testing procedure
         is through simulation of a typical user environment through categorically deployed mouse clicks and keystrokes.
5. Name few test Automation Tools.
Ans5. selenium IDE
      HP UFT(unified functional testing)
      test complete
      watir
      telerik test studio
6. What is the need of Automation?
Ans6>Test Automation software is the best way to increase the effectiveness,
 efficiency and coverage of your software testing. Automated software testing has long been considered critical for big
 software development organizations but is often thought to be too expensive or difficult for
 smaller companies to implement.

7. What is Framework?
Ans7. Framework is set of rules or the tools provided by which we will test the test environment

8> What are the types of frameworks?
Ans 8. keyword driven
       data driven
       hybrid 
       Modular/POM(page object model)
9> what is keyword driven and data driven framework?

Ans9>It is nothing but data driven test, performing the same functionality with multiple input
 values by using parametarization with the help of data table or data source is called Data Driven 
 Test.

  keyword driven framework->A keyword-driven framework is a table-driven testing or action word based testing. It is a 
   software testing method suitable for both manual and automated testing. 
